Update docs (#441)
tomv564/LSP: README.md

# LSP

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/tomv564/LSP.svg)](https://github.com/tomv564/LSP/releases) 
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tomv564/LSP.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tomv564/LSP) 
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/tomv564/LSP/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/tomv564/LSP?branch=master) 
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/SublimeLSP/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/SublimeLSP/Lobby.svg)](https://gitter.im/SublimeLSP/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Language Server Protocol support for Sublime Text 3 that gives you IDE [features](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#features).

![diagnostics screen-shot](docs/images/showcase.gif "TypeScript Server Example")

## Installation

### Stable Version

> * Open the command palette and run `Package Control: Install Package` then select `LSP`.

Reviewer: Since this is only one item, there is no need to have a list :)

```suggestion
Open the command palette and run `Package Control: Install Package`, then select `LSP`.
```

### Development Version

* Clone this repository into your Packages directory.

> * Open the command palette and run `Package Control: Satisfy Dependencies`.

Reviewer: I think it's not really necessary for this to be a bulleted list either. Just have the two sentences after each other maybe?

Author: done 3b5952298d6e419ba2ad794fdcd77ddecb146212

## Available Languages <a name="available_languages"></a>
* [Bash](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#bash)
* [C/C++](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#clangd)
* [CSS/LESS/SASS (SCSS only)](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#css)
* [Dart](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#dart)
* [Flow (JavaScript)](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#flow)
* [Go](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#go)
* [HTML](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#html)
* [Java](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#java)
* [JavaScript/TypeScript](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#typescript)
* [JSON](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#json)
* [Julia](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#julia)
* [Kotlin](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#kotlin)
* [PHP](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#php)
* [Polymer](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#polymer)
* [Python](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#python)
* [R](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#r)
* [Reason](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#reason)
* [Ruby](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#ruby)
* [Rust](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#rust)
* [Scala](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#scala)

> * [Vue (JavaScript)](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#vue)

Reviewer: The fragment parts of these URLs don't work (e.g. https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#java does not bring my browser to the "java" setup section. Do they work for your browser?

Reviewer: Oh right, thanks for explaining that :)

See [Language Server Protocol](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/implementors/servers/) for more available implementations. Please create issues/pull requests so we can get support for more languages.

## Getting help

> Have any problems, see the [troubleshooting](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#troubleshooting) guide for tips and known limitations. If you still have any problems, discussions can be done in gitter [chat](https://gitter.im/SublimeLSP).

Reviewer: I found the wording here to be a little bit off.

```suggestion
If you have any problems, see the [troubleshooting](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#troubleshooting) guide for tips and known limitations. If the documentation cannot solve your problem, help can be found in the [gitter chat](https://gitter.im/SublimeLSP) or by [creating a new issue](https://github.com/tomv564/LSP/issues).
```

# LSP

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/tomv564/LSP.svg)](https://github.com/tomv564/LSP/releases) 
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tomv564/LSP.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tomv564/LSP) 
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/tomv564/LSP/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/tomv564/LSP?branch=master) 
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/SublimeLSP/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/SublimeLSP/Lobby.svg)](https://gitter.im/SublimeLSP/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Language Server Protocol support for Sublime Text 3 that gives you IDE features.

> ![diagnostics screen-shot](docs/images/showcase.gif "TypeScript Server Example")

Reviewer 2: Nice preview! A single gif is definitely the way to go.

Author: Does this mean that I don't need to return the deleted images or...? :D

I could leave the old images in their place, if you want.

Reviewer 2: Remove them from the page without deleting files from the repository.

## Installation

### Stable Version

* Open the command palette and run `Package Control: Install Package` then select `LSP`.

### Development Version

* Clone this repository into your Packages directory.
* Open the command palette and run `Package Control: Satisfy Dependencies`.

> 

Reviewer 2: People have reported not knowing about F4 / shift-F4, I think we should absolutely tell users about shortcuts (and point them to the key bindings file)

Author: Ok, I will return the section describing the key bindings.

## Getting started

> Copy the configuration for a <a href="#available_languages">language</a>. 

Reviewer 2: I've been adding configs in the default_clients to avoid this copy/paste business.
In most cases, the steps should be something like:

# install server to its default location on the PATH.
# enable config in LSP
# open document

We could then point to the language docs only if a more custom setup is needed or desired.

Documentation is available at [LSP.readthedocs.io](https://LSP.readthedocs.io).

## Available Languages <a name="available_languages"></a>
* [Bash](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#bash)
* [C/C++](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#clangd)
* [CSS/LESS/SASS (SCSS only)](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#css)
* [Dart](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#dart)
* [Flow (JavaScript)](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#flow)
* [Go](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#go)
* [HTML](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#html)
* [Java (Eclipse)](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#java)
* [Java (IntelliJ)](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#intellij)
* [JavaScript/TypeScript](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#typescript)
* [JSON](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#json)
* [Julia](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#julia)
* [Kotlin](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#kotlin)
* [PHP (Felix Becker)](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#php)

> * [PHP (Intelephense)](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#intelephense)

Reviewer 2: For all the languages that have more than one server, can just link to eg. "PHP" instead of listing the servers? Keeps the list shorter and prevents us from having to prefer one server over the other.

Author: If I understood correctly. The README.md file will have just one link to the language.
```jsonc
[Kotlin](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#kotlin)
[PHP](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#php) // <- 
...
```

Than in `index.md`. I could list all the implementations, and the user could select what he wants.
```
### Kotlin <a name="kotlin"></a>
...

### PHP <a name="php"></a>
Implementations:
* [PHP (Felix Becker)](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#felix_becker)
* [PHP (Intelephense)](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#intelephense)

#### PHP (Felix Becker)<a name="felix_becker"></a>
...

#### PHP (Intelephense)<a name="intelephense"></a>
...
```

Does it solve the 'prefer one server over another'?

Reviewer 2: Yes, keep it simple on the readme, show the options in the docs!

* [Polymer](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#polymer)
* [Python](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#python)
* [Python (Microsoft)](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#python_microsoft)
* [R](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#r)
* [Reason](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#reason)
* [Ruby](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#ruby)
* [Rust](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#rust)
* [Scala](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#scala)
* [Vue (JavaScript)](https://lsp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#vue)

See [Language Server Protocol](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/implementors/servers/) for more available implementations. Please create issues/pull requests so we can get support for more languages.

> ## Troubleshooting Issues

Reviewer 2: Maybe rename this to Getting help?

The section covers both troubleshooting individually and in gitter, we could suggest people to look at/create issues as well.
